Here's the URL that I need to hit on the decoder site.
Now I need to set the keys value to the session ID cookie.
Document.cookie gets all of the cookies.
Then I'll split on the equal sign and I'll get the cookies value.
This code is rather naive and assumes that the session ID cookie is the very first one,
which it is in this case.
Here's a more robust version that first searches for a session ID.
So this is the javascript I'll use.
So this is the full URL.
Since this form is vulnerable to cross-site scripting,
I just need to wrap this in script tags.
Sending this value gives me the passphrase.
Since we're talking about security,
you should search Google for this passphrase.
It deals with another security vulnerability.